Document the resource requirements for running a CDE with a JetBrains IDE (#2909)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/calculating-che-resource-requirements.adoc

    cpuLimit: 500m
----

> ** IMPORTANT: Additional memory and CPU will be added implicitly for a JetBrains IDE (like IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** IMPORTANT: Additional memory and CPU will be added implicitly for a JetBrains IDE (e.g. IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate):
```
